Docs/elevation (#298)
siemens/element: docs/fundamentals/elevation.md

Complementary tokens like `base-1-hover` and `base-1-selected` are used
to indicate interaction states while maintaining the visual layering logic.
These are independent color tokens and are designed to work across all base layers.

![Elevation usage example](images/elevation-usage-example.png)

> The system is intentionally mostly flat, and we aim to avoid excessive layering or "boxes within boxes", as this can reduce clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system is intentionally designed to be mostly flat, minimizing unnecessary layers or 'boxes within boxes' to maintain clarity and ease of use.
```
